# CS210
the beginning of a resume


Project 2 "Airgead Banking" was the most challenging project of the three. Airgead Banking was a simple task however it followed many stylization restrictions and parameters for the client. The task was to get input data for an investment plan, and then estimate the growth of such plans given the input with and without monthly input. Definining multiple functions and deligating task was the shine of this project. I had researched multiple ways to do seperate actions and put it all together into this program so that these functions can build off one another and work together. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I believe that much of the work distribution could actually be made to be more compact and readable. Maybe by implementing a second language these task could be made to be more readable in the future should it need further editing by other programmers. The headers are good and do a good job at establishing the functions for each piece of code. the hardest parts of code for me was following format of code, as well as correctly implementing pointers to properly reference variables. This project was larger than any one I had done before and required a lot of time to properly implement as well as learn the proper functions required to make a polished piece of code.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I overcame most obstacles by reverse engineering code projects on youtube as well as stack overflow to figure out how those segments worked in their over all piece and implemented them into my own project. I also used the textbook provided to get a basic grasp of a concept once again and implement it further into the project. In particular the organization of headerfiles and the respective core files for function execution are highly transferable to other projects and will help serve as a reference to attaining an organized piece of code capable of delivering on its purpose. The program has notation that indicates the differences between vaiables and contains proper naming conventions that follow the guide lines provided for the project. Those together should make it easier to program for later changes. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
